                 MIDAS Sound System LICENSE
                 --------------------------
    Copyright 1994 Petteri Kangaslampi and Jarno Paananen

0. Throughout this license, "the original MIDAS Sound System archive"
or "the original archive" refers to the set of files originally
distributed by the authors (Petteri Kangaslampi and Jarno Paananen) as
the MIDAS Sound System. This archive is originally named as
"MDSSxxxy.ZIP", where x.xx is the version number, but it may have been
renamed or re-archived by third parties.

"You" refers to the licensee, or person using the MIDAS Sound System.
"Using" the MIDAS Sound System includes compiling the MIDAS Sound
System source code and linking it to other parts of MIDAS Sound System
or your own code to form a "program". This program is referred to as "a
program using the MIDAS Sound System".

This license applies to all files distributed in the original MIDAS
Sound System archive, including all source code, binaries and
documentation, unless otherwise stated in the file in its original,
unmodified form as distributed in the original archive. If you are
unsure whether or not a particular file is covered by this license, you
must contact us to verify this.

MIDAS SOUND SYSTEM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT
WILL ANY OF THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES
CAUSED BY THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE, OF MIDAS SOUND SYSTEM.

As you have not signed this license, you are not required to accept it.
However, as MIDAS Sound System is Copyright 1994 Petteri Kangaslampi
and Jarno Paananen (the authors), only this license grants you the
right to use, distribute and modify it.  Therefore, by using,
distributing or modifying MIDAS Sound System, you indicate that you
understand and accept all the terms of this license.


1. MIDAS Sound System may freely be copied and distributed in its
original, unmodified form as long as no fee is charged for the MIDAS
Sound System itself. A fee, not exceeding 10USD, may be charged for the
physical act of copying, as long as it is clearly stated, that the
MIDAS Sound System itself is free and may always be distributed free of
charge. When ever the MIDAS Sound System or portions of it are
distributed, this license must be included in unmodified form, and all
files must contain their original copyright notices. If only a portion
of a file is being distributed, the appropriate copyright notice must
be copied into it from the beginning of the file, and this license must
still be included in unmodified form.


2. The MIDAS Sound System files may freely be modified, and these
modified files distributed under the terms of Section 1 above, provided
that the following conditions are met:

        2.1. All the modified files must carry their original
             copyright notice, in addition to a list of modifications
             made and their respective authors.

        2.2. Modified versions files belonging under this
             license still do so, no matter what kind of modifications
             have been made.


3. MIDAS Sound System may not be used in commercial programs, including
shareware. No program using MIDAS Sound System may be sold for any
price, and neither may any fee be charged for the right to use the
program. Programs using MIDAS Sound System may always be freely
distributed if no fee is charged for the distribution and may freely be
used by anyone. The Program and its documentation must clearly state
that the program uses MIDAS Sound System and that it may freely be used
and distributed under the terms of this Section 3.


4. MIDAS Sound System, or portions of it, may not be included as parts
of a commercial software package, in source code, object module or any
other form. Neither may MIDAS Sound System, or portions of it, be
printed in a commercial publication, including, but not limited to,
magazines and books. Any software package or publication including
portions of MIDAS Sound System may freely be used and distributed, as
stated in Section 3.

MIDAS Sound System may, however, be included in free software packages
as long as the whole software package can freely be distributed under
the terms of section 3 and all conditions of this license are met.
MIDAS Sound System, or portions of it, may also be printed for personal
or educational usage, provided that no attempt is made to restrict the
copying and usage of any parts of the printout or the publication in
which portions of MIDAS are included.
